---
title: QuecPython FAQ_1
keywords: FAQ,FAQ_1
description: QuecPython FAQ_1
---

## The serial port connected to the board cannot communicate

Pay attention to whether the interface is 1.8V or 3.3V. Only when the level is matched can the communication be normal.

## Connect the USB cable and the light is not on

Check the module voltage, ensure that the 3.8V voltage of the module is stable, and supply power with battery if necessary.

##  apn_ What's in cfg.json

The built-in APN list cannot be deleted

## Syntax error dragging file to module

Please check the syntax of ". Py" file (mostly indentation)

## Explanation of socket's [0] [- 1]

```python
>>> import usocket
>>> client = usocket.socket(usocket.AF_INET, usocket.SOCK_STREAM)
>>> sockaddr = usocket.getaddrinfo('www.tongxinmao.com',80)[0][-1]

>>> print(sockaddr)
('120.76.100.197', 80)
>>> sockaddr = usocket.getaddrinfo('www.tongxinmao.com',80)
>>> print(sockaddr)
[(2, 1, 0, 'www.tongxinmao.com', ('120.76.100.197', 80))]
```

For example:

```python
a = ((A,B,C),(2),(3))
a[0] = (A,B,C)
a[0][-1] = C
```

## "Failed to execute script pyi_rth_multiprocessing" appears when win7 runs qpycom

Fault phenomenon: Python fails to execute script pyi_rth_multiprocessing on other computers after it is packaged through pyinstaller: this problem occurs when running on lower versions of Windows 7, and there is no problem porting programs on win10.

Fault analysis: it is suspected that the version of some DLL files in windows is too low and does not support exe generated by higher version. The simplest method is to type an EXE separately on win7 machine, then run it on win7 and transplant it.

The recommended method for customers is to upgrade win7 version to Sp1

## Net. Nitztime()

After the network is successfully attached, the base station sends it once (only once)

## For quecpthon board of ec600sv1.1, precautions for testing TTS function

The peripheral is connected to the speaker, but the "microphone" is configured in the TTS

Since a power amplifier is added to v1.1, it is necessary to pull up the pin58 (enabling pin of the power amplifier) of the socket of the module (hardware) or enable the command "audio_en = pin (pin.gpio11, pin.out, pin.pull_pd, 1)"

The power of external horn is limited, and it is recommended to be less than 8R 2W

### If at configuration is required,

**at+qaudmod=0 //spk**

**at+qaudmod=1 //hs**

**at+qaudmod=2 //loudspeaker**

The following needs to be understood later

AT+QAUDPATH=0

AT+QAUDDCH=0

## Calls to multiple. Py files

For the two files under the usr directory, a.py and b.py, if you want to call b.py in a.py again, you need to add the following code in a.py.

```python
#Method 1
from usr import b
#Method 2
import sys
sys.path.append('/usr/')  #Enter the usr directory
import b
```

## Is there a limit on the number of threads?

Up to 16

## How to operate the file system

The root directory / is unreadable and writable, / usr is the user area, / bak is the backup area

## How many bytes can the serial port accept at a time?

2000 bytes actually received is OK; The maximum sending is 512, exceeding the automatic subcontracting; Socket and mqtt can send and receive 2000 bytes

## Will the data listening of socket, mqtt and serial port block other threads

Socket and mqtt are blocking functions and will not block other threads.

The serial port itself is a 'non blocking function' and will not block other threads.

## Explanation of parameters returned by base station location

```python
>>> cellLocator.getLocation("www.queclocator.com", 80, "1111111122222222", 8, 1) 
(117.1138, 31.82279, 550) 
```

What does the returned result mean

Positioning accuracy in M

## Does the depth of the quecpthon queue have a maximum value? For example, if the callback happens all the time, will it be lost?

Automatic growth with memory

## Does the pin of the module have a description document of the default level

We open out that IO is currently the default output low level

## How about RTC time of ec600s module? Power off endurance

There is no way to maintain battery life after power failure, because ec600s has no RTC pin

 

 

 
